Fix: Improvements to avoid distortions in sankey diagram links loops (#7272)
plotly/plotly.js: draftlogs/7272_fix.md

> - Fix: Avoid distortions in sankey diagram links loops [[#7272](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/7272)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix distortions in sankey diagram links loops [[#7272](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/7272)],
   with thanks to @giuseppe-straziota for the contribution!
```
